So, for all the benefits that the military job provides you, you can also
have a lot of frustration with the job. For most people, I think
this might be the hardest that you'll ever work in your life. That's
how come the military has young people do it and then, once they leave,
they go on to productive careers but they'll always say, "You
know what, I can do anything because I worked so hard for the military."
Along with those long working hours, you're away from your family.
That's a part of, having those long working hours. So, for instance,
deployment is probably everyone's major reason for getting out.
They want to see their kid grow up, they want to spend more time with
their wife, they want to actually date and have a social life. So
these are things that you have to give up by joining the military.